{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1{\upr{\fonttbl\f14\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;\f-3\fnil\fcharset0 BookmanITC Lt BT;}{\*\ud\uc0{\fonttbl\f14\fnil\fcharset0 \u65 \u114 \u105 \u97 \u108 ;\f-3\fnil\fcharset0 \u66 \u111 \u111 \u107 \u109 \u97 \u110 \u73 \u84 \u67 \u32 \u76 \u116 \u32 \u66 \u84 ;}}}
{\colortbl
\red34\green33\blue34;\red0\green175\blue240;\red236\green4\blue141;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green242\blue0;}
{\upr{\stylesheet{\ql
\plain\f14\fs24\up0\cf0\lang1033
\snext1Normal;}
{\*\cs1\plain\f14\fs24\up0\cf0\lang1033
\snext1Normal;}
}{\*\ud\uc0{\stylesheet{\ql
\plain\f14\fs24\up0\cf0\lang1033
\snext1\u78 \u111 \u114 \u109 \u97 \u108 ;}
{\*\cs1\plain\f14\fs24\up0\cf0\lang1033
\snext1\u78 \u111 \u114 \u109 \u97 \u108 ;}
}}}
{\info{\comment Quark RTF Export Filter XT, version 2.0 (RTF ver. $Revision: 1.30 $)}{\title Layout 1}{\revtim\yr2013\mo2\dy3\hr21\min32}}
\nouicompat\pard\qj\tx360
\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
The Praise ship first stop was in Brooklyn, New York at First AME Church for the live recording for Pastor Roberta Moore, the Pastor of Victory Christian Tabernacle in Brooklyn. I really have to admit this was one of the best live recording I have had the pleasure to be apart of. Roberta Moore is truly anointed woman of God and really sings from her heart and makes you want to get right up there with her and belt it out. Not to take anything from Pastor Roberta but her background singers were truly amazing, but look who she was working with, Renee Credle, John Goodman, Lovey Goodman, Ni Ni Wells and so many more awesome psalmists including her daughter. Some of the greatest songwriters, such as Elder Demetrius Griffin and Professor James Hall wrote some of the greatest songs yet to be heard. Produced by JBlassentertainment and President/CEO Corey J. Blassingame, this is one CD that everyone will appreciate and want to have this part of your musical library. To end the night none other than Ernest Pugh the psalmist who hits notes that you cannot even find on the Richter scales, but he does it so well. All and all it was a wonderful night to be hold.\par \tab The next stop on the LE Praise Ship was by the Brooklyn Music Playhouse to view the Christmas musical play entitled, \ldblquote The Gift\rdblquote . Written and directed by 1st Lady Tanya Karim and produced by her husband, Pastor Eddie Karim, the play unfolded in front of a full house. This Christmas musical was full of singing, funny one liners, and I still smile when I think of the Adam and Eve costumes. Grandpa Turner (Travis Haynes) and Angel Gabrielle (Gail Richardson), really stole the show with their humor. Overall, the play was a success. Not because of all the technical sound difficulties it had, or an actor with his lines written on his hands, or even that the play is not ready for Broadway. The play is a success because 1st Lady Karim was giving a vision from God and she ran with it. She, Pastor Karim, and their entire staff put their hard work and money behind this vision and made it a reality. By the end of the night and even with all the fore mentioned challenges that any vision has, Lady Karim, acknowledged them, acknowledged the hard work that her actors and staff put into the play, and said that she\rquote s going back to the drawing board and coming back next year bigger and better. That\rquote s success to me, receivng the vision (many of us do but never go on to bring that vision into reality), putting the hard work and resources behind it to make it a reality, and learning from its challenges. Then, not giving up but taking the necessary step into making bigger and better, for the Kingdom. My hat goes off to you Pastor and 1st Lady Karim and your entire cast and staff. Like those hundreds of people in your audience who said that they will be back to support you next year, so will Ms. Gee and I.\par \tab The Love stop on the LE Praise Ship was at \ldblquote lovenest\rdblquote  at the Butter Restaurant in the Village of Manhattan for the Wedding of the Love Express\rquote  graphic artist, Sehon Glynn and Ms. Tasha Hammond. The scenery at the restaurant was beautiful and it was packed with a house full of family and friends.  While the ceremony was conducted by Pastor Jeffery Conyers and the charge given by Dr. Kevin Bonds, the bride\rquote s son, Malik, brought everyone to their feet with his rendition of \ldblquote The Lord\rquote s Prayer\rdblquote . To my friend Sehon, your bride, Lady Tasha was one of the most beautiful brides I\rquote ve ever seen , besides my wife and to see you in a tux I must say, you clean up well (hahahaha). Big shout out to all my friends from \ldblquote The Citadel\rdblquote  including Pro. James Hall, and it was great to see your photographer and my friend, Bro. Alton. Congrats my brother and best wishes from Sis. Edith, Rose, Bill, Ms. Gee and I, Dr. D., and the rest of the staff at the Love Express, Our prayers are with you.\par \pard\qr\tx360
\plain\f14\b\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
Ms. Gee\par
}