{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1{\upr{\fonttbl\f43\fnil\fcharset0 Bookman Old Style;\f14\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;\f300\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;\f-5\fnil\fcharset0 BookmanITC Lt BT;\f50\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;\f-7\fnil\fcharset0 Agency FB;\f313\fnil\fcharset0 Webdings;}{\*\ud\uc0{\fonttbl\f43\fnil\fcharset0 \u66 \u111 \u111 \u107 \u109 \u97 \u110 \u32 \u79 \u108 \u100 \u32 \u83 \u116 \u121 \u108 \u101 ;\f14\fnil\fcharset0 \u65 \u114 \u105 \u97 \u108 ;\f300\fnil\fcharset0 \u84 \u105 \u109 \u101 \u115 \u32 \u78 \u101 \u119 \u32 \u82 \u111 \u109 \u97 \u110 ;\f-5\fnil\fcharset0 \u66 \u111 \u111 \u107 \u109 \u97 \u110 \u73 \u84 \u67 \u32 \u76 \u116 \u32 \u66 \u84 ;\f50\fnil\fcharset0 \u67 \u97 \u108 \u105 \u98 \u114 \u105 ;\f-7\fnil\fcharset0 \u65 \u103 \u101 \u110 \u99 \u121 \u32 \u70 \u66 ;\f313\fnil\fcharset0 \u87 \u101 \u98 \u100 \u105 \u110 \u103 \u115 ;}}}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green63\blue42;\red255\green255\blue255;\red95\green175\blue209;\red233\green0\blue145;\red56\green25\blue103;\red239\green248\blue207;\red244\green183\blue213;
\red137\green123\blue63;\red212\green225\blue239;\red248\green86\blue98;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red226\green255\blue0;}
{\upr{\stylesheet{\s4\sl-320\ql
\snext4yellow subhead;}
{\s3\sl-320\ql
\snext3San-Serif Subhead;}
{\s2\sl-244\qj\fi180
\snext2Body Copy;}
{\ql
\plain\f14\fs24\up0\cf0\lang1033
\snext1Normal;}
{\*\cs1\plain\f14\fs24\up0\cf0\lang1033
\snext1Normal;}
}{\*\ud\uc0{\stylesheet{\s4\sl-320\ql
\snext4\u121 \u101 \u108 \u108 \u111 \u119 \u32 \u115 \u117 \u98 \u104 \u101 \u97 \u100 ;}
{\s3\sl-320\ql
\snext3\u83 \u97 \u110 \u45 \u83 \u101 \u114 \u105 \u102 \u32 \u83 \u117 \u98 \u104 \u101 \u97 \u100 ;}
{\s2\sl-244\qj\fi180
\snext2\u66 \u111 \u100 \u121 \u32 \u67 \u111 \u112 \u121 ;}
{\ql
\plain\f14\fs24\up0\cf0\lang1033
\snext1\u78 \u111 \u114 \u109 \u97 \u108 ;}
{\*\cs1\plain\f14\fs24\up0\cf0\lang1033
\snext1\u78 \u111 \u114 \u109 \u97 \u108 ;}
}}}
{\info{\comment Quark RTF Export Filter XT, version 2.0 (RTF ver. $Revision: 1.30 $)}{\title Section A - Front Page.qxd}{\revtim\yr2013\mo2\dy3\hr21\min58}}
\nouicompat\pard\qj\tx360
\plain\f14\i\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
2013-There is a crisis in this nation and world. New technology, the web, Twitter,  Blog, and God is put on the backburner. How much this \plain\f14\i\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
generation needs prayer and \plain\f14\i\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
how to pray. Pastors must \plain\f14\i\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
get back to ba\u173\'adsics and teach \plain\f14\i\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
the congregation the importance of prayer in \plain\f14\i\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
their lives. The enemy would \plain\f14\i\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
have us believe it\rquote s useless to pray.\par \tab Prayer works; Prayer is powerful. Prayer is one of our most deadly and effective weapons for destroying the work of the enemy. Pra\u173\'adyer with compassion is the lifeline to the hurting, woun\u173\'added, weak, drug ad\u173\'addicts, alcoholics, marriage failures and the youth problem. God expects us to go and throw out the rope of life to bring the souls in. God is calling us to our knees. \par \tab Thank God for readers and Pastors who email and call the office. They are joining with \plain\f14\b\i\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
The Love Express\plain\f14\i\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
 to turn the tri-state area, the \plain\f14\i\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
nation and the world around.\par \plain\f14\i\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
\tab If you are tired of all the junk you hear today, that is contrary to the Word of God, \plain\f14\i\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
and you are a blood-washed \plain\f14\i\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
child of God, then stand, in\u173\'adtercede and pray, for God is calling us to our knees.\par \tab February edition in \plain\f14\b\i\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
The Love Express\plain\f14\i\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
 is geared to get you ready and out of the slumber to pray. Be in touch. Email and let me know what is happening in your church and prayer team.\par \pard\qc\tx360
\plain\f14\b\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
AWAKENING\par \pard\qj\tx360
\plain\f14\b\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
\tab Important Note:\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
Fast\u173\'ading \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
requires reasonable precautions. If you have any health concerns, please consult your physician prior to be\u173\'adginning your fast, especially if you are taking any medication, have a chronic condition, or are pregnant or nursing a baby. \par \tab As you prepare to fast, it is important to choose a fasting plan that works for you. While this section provides some general information about different types of fasts, as well as some suggestions on how to create your own fasting plan, it is important to mention that there is nothing more inher\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
ently spiritual about one type \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
of fast as opposed to another. These are simply guidelines and suggestions on different things you can do. \par \tab Do not let what you eat or do not eat become the focus of your fast. Keep the main thing the main thing, which is drawing closer to God. Remember, this is a time to disconnect enough from your regular patterns and habits in order to connect more closely to God. Here are a few tips to keep in mind before getting started:\par  \plain\f14\b\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
1. Start Where You Are\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
\par We are all at different places in our walk with God. Like\u173\'adwise our jobs, daily schedules, and health conditions are all different and place various levels of demands on our energy. So most im\u173\'adportantly, whether you\rquote ve fasted before or this is your first time, start where you are. Your personal fast should present a level of challenge to it, but it\rquote s very important to know your own body, know your options and, most importantly, seek God in prayer and follow what the Holy Spirit leads you to do.\par \tab Remember, the goal of fasting is not just to do without food. The goal is to draw nearer to God.\par  \plain\f14\b\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
2. Find Your Fast Zone\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
\par \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
When most people start fast\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
ing, there is typically some \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
level of discomfort. How\u173\'adever, \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
it is possible to get used to the fasting routine pretty quickly. Quite simply, you must learn to fast in a way that works for you.\par \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
\tab While any true fast does involve abstinence from food \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
or at least certain types of food, typically, different fasting combinations work better for different people. The goal to having a successful fast is all about finding what we like to call your Fast \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
Zone, and that is different for \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
everybody and can change depending on the season you are in.\par \tab The best way to de\u173\'adscribe your Fast Zone is that it\rquote s the place where you feel light and spiritually in tune. Your mind is easily focused on God and spiritual things. You have an increased spiri\u173\'adtual energy\emdash you can feel the fast working. Just like runners know what their target heart rate is to see the benefits of their physical training, the Fast Zone is si\u173\'admilar in a spiritual sense.\par \tab Finding your Fast Zone helps you choose both the type and length of fast. Let\rquote s say you choose to go on a Daniel fast (only fruits and vegetables). Should you eat beans? If you can eat beans and stay in your Fast Zone, \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
go ahead. But for some peo\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
ple eating beans takes them out of the zone. Should you eat peanut butter? Probably not. Peanut butter is more of \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
an indulgence, and not ma\u173\'adny \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
people can stay in a Fast Zone while enjoying indulgences.\par \tab Should you completely cut out caffeine? It depends. The great thing is, when you \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
fast, your body automatically \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
craves less caffeine. If you can stay in your Fast Zone with a little caffeine, great. If you are going on a longer fast and want to cut it out of your diet completely, that\rquote s great too. But ease yourself off and make it your goal to be completely caffeine free about two-\u176\'b0\u169\'a9\plain\f-7\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
\u8208\'3f\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
thirds of the way into your fast.\par \tab If you drink coffee regularly, one of the worst mis\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
takes you can make is to fast \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
for one to three days and cut caffeine out abruptly and completely. Please don\rquote t do that or you will spend this time grumpy and in withdra\u173\'adwal instead of enjoying God\rquote s presence. \par \tab Mixing things up a bit during a twenty-\u176\'b0\u169\'a9\plain\f-7\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
\u8208\'3f\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
one-\u176\'b0\u169\'a9\plain\f-7\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
\u8208\'3f\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
day fast is what typically works best for people. For example, do a fruits and vegetables fast for a week. Then do all liquids for a while. Maybe even mix in a \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
few days of only water if you \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
think you are ready for that. Then go back to fruits and vegetables for a few days.\par \tab \ldblquote There isn\rquote t one ap\u173\'adproach that works the same \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
for everyone. Follow the Ho\u173\'ad\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
ly Spirit, mix it up, find what works for you, and stay in your Fast Zone! \par \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
\tab Some people can\rquote t stay \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
in a Fast Zone eating any type of solid food, so they prefer all liquids. With to\u173\'adday\rquote s protein drinks and juicing machines, it is so easy to get a healthy dose of all your nutritional needs \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
even while taking in only li\u173\'adq\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
uids. Certain people can\rquote t \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
do anything other than drink \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
only water. If they eat a sa\u173\'adlad or drink a glass of juice, they get out of their zone. Or if they allow themselves to eat cantaloupe, they will end up eating twenty cantaloupes a day!\par \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
\tab I\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
t is important to choose \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
ahead of time what type of fast, or what combination, \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
you will pursue. Not only will \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
this help with making the necessary preparations to implement your plan, but as \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
you commit to a specific fast ahead of time and know how \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
you\rquote re going to do it, you will \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
position yourself to finish strong.\par \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
\tab You may choose to fast \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
all twenty\plain\f-7\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
\u8208\'3f\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
one days. Or you may choose to fast several days out of the twenty\plain\f-7\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
\u8208\'3f\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
 one days, such as three or four days a week throughout the twenty-one\plain\f-7\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
\u8208\'3f\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
day period. Maybe you will do that and do three to seven consecutive days at the end. This is your personal decision and should be prayerfully considered as it applies to your circumstances.\par \pard\sl-220\qc\tx360
\plain\f14\b\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
Different Types of Fasts\par Specific Food or\par Activity Fast \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
\par \pard\qj\tx360
\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
\tab In this type of fast you omit a specific item(s) from your meal plans. For example, you may choose to eli\u173\'adminate all red meat, pro\u173\'adcessed or fast food, or sweets. Most people can incorporate this type of fast relatively easily. It can also prove to be a great solution for people with specific die\u173\'adtary needs or medical conditions that may cause certain limitations.\par \tab While fasting typically refers to refraining from \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
specific food items, you may \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
also find it extremely beneficial to fast from a regular activity or habit. This might include things such as tele\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
vision, social media, and the \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
like. \par \tab Prayer and fasting are not just about connecting to God but also about disconnecting from the world. Try to tune out some of the regular distractions from your day as much as possible. Replace that time with things that will nourish you spiritually.\par \plain\f14\b\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
Daniel Fast\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
 \par \tab The Daniel fast is a great model to follow and one that is extremely effective for spiritual focus, bodi\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
ly discipline, and purification \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
of the body and soul. It is probably one of the most commonly referred-to fasts; however, within the Daniel fast there is room for broad interpretation.\par \tab The foundation of the Daniel fast is fruits and vegetables. Some star\u173\'adchy vegetables and dairy could be included, but that depends on the individual. Your goal should be to seek \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
God in prayer about this and \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
follow what the Holy Spirit leads you to do. Just re\u173\'admember: find your personal Fast Zone.\par \plain\f14\b\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
Juice Fast\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
 \par \tab A juice fast is simply consuming vegetable and fruit juices and water in\u173\'adstead of solid food. Many people include whey protein in their liquid plan as well. This is one of the most popular and effective fasts. Even if you choose not to make your entire fast liquids-only, substituting one or two meals for liquids is a great alternative.\par \plain\f14\b\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
Water Fast\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
 \par \tab A water-only fast is the \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
normal fast referred to in the Bible. This is how Jesus and \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
the New Testament church fasted. A water fast is just that\emdash no eating of any food \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
or drinking of any liquids ex\u173\'ad\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
cept water.\par \tab We recommend consulting your physician first, and water fasting only for a day or two unless you can get away or your job allows you to really disconnect so \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
you can give your best ener\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
gy to the fast.\par \plain\f14\b\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
Total Fast\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
 \par \tab A total fast is where no\u173\'adthing\emdash neither liquid, solid food, nor even water\emdash is consumed for a very short period of time. There are examples of this type of fast in the Bible.\par \tab Under the New Cove\u173\'adnant, we do not fast to mourn or to seek forgiveness. God has already forgiven us, and we are commanded to celebrate Jesus because He is alive.\par \tab \plain\f14\b\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
We strongly discourage the total fast. \par \pard\qc\tx360
\plain\f14\b\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
Fasting While Nursing\par or Pregnant\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
\par \pard\qj\tx360
\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
\tab Strict fasting while preg\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
nant or nursing also is not recommended.\par   A modified Daniel fast in\u173\'adcluding whole grains, le\u173\'adgumes, whey protein, calcium, and iron supplements; \par fasting sweets and des\u173\'adserts; \par   Fasting red meat;\par  \plain\f14\b\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
3. Begin and Break the Fast Well\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
\par \tab Depending on the type of fast you choose, it is very important to prepare your body ahead of time before beginning the fast. Take a week or so to transition into your fast; otherwise, you \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
could get sick. For example, \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
if you would like to go on a fruits and vegetables or juice fast, start eliminating meat, white grains, and re\u173\'adfined sugars from your diet the week before. Also start to cut back quite a bit on dairy products and some of your caffeine intake.\par \tab The same principle ap\u173\'adplies to breaking your fast. When your fast is over, add foods back in very gradually. Please don\rquote t break your fast with a greasy cheeseburger! Because your body is so cleansed and detoxified, you will most likely get sick if you do that.\par \tab There are also several supplements you can take that will help support the detox process during your fast. Your health-\u176\'b0\u169\'a9\plain\f-7\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
\u8208\'3f\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
food store can give you recommendations.\par  \plain\f14\b\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
4. Final Fasting Tips\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
 \par \tab Here are some other ideas that can help make your fasting experience more pleasant and helpful:\par \tab As you select your type of fast, make a fasting calendar that fits your plan. Determine what each day and week will look like. \par \tab Keep your fridge and pantry stocked with the items you need. Being un\u173\'adprepared to fast sets you up to give into temptation.\par \tab Make it a priority to at\u173\'adtend church during your twenty-one-day fast. Being around other believers will encourage you to keep on going when fasting gets difficult.~If you are fasting with others, you may want to do a weekly small group. \par If you mess up, don\rquote t get discouraged. Just get right back on track and keep go\u173\'ad\plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
ing. God\rquote s mercies \ldblquote are new \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
every morning\rdblquote  (Lamenta\u173\'adtions 3:22\endash 23). He wants you to finish, and He will give you the grace and strength to do it.\par \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
\tab God be with you as you \plain\f14\fs18\up0\cf0\lang1033
begin your awakening ad\u173\'adventure!\par \plain\f14\b\fs16\up0\cf0\lang1033
\tab Excerpts taken from the article Awakening reprinted  from Christ Tabernacle website.\par
}